Assessment description for  e mbedded  c omputing  MOD007361 Part 2: Practical work The   p ractical work  is  based on Laboratory work, accounting for 50% of the final mark Aim The practical assignment  aims to assess the following learning outcomes: Knowledge and Understanding Demonstrate a detailed knowledge of what embedded computing is  and  its technical challenges . Intellectual, practical, affective, and transferrable skills Analyse new and/or adapt existing embedded methods, algorithms and code examples to real-world situations without guidance, using a range of techniques appropriate to the subject. Intellectual, practical, affective and   transferrable skills Design, develop and reflect on the implementation of new embedded   system examples, competently undertaking reasonably straightforward   research tasks with minimum guidance and critically appraise the results . Assessment specification For the practical part you will design and implement a secure access management solution. To document the design, submit a 5-minute video which shows the system functionality and a discussion of your design approach.  In other words, the video should show a demonstration of your solution.  The design approach should feature a flow diagram. Furthermore, submit a writeup where you discuss 5 limitations of your secure access management solution. 2 of these limitations shout be already addressed in the solution and 3 limitations should be left for future work. Each limitation should be described with no more than 150 words. The student should submit : O ne video file .   F or example ,  an .mpeg file.  One text document  describing the minimum 5 limitations. For  example  a .docx file.  Detailed  guidance  In its simplest form, the secure  access solution can take the form of controlling  one door with the  NUCLEO-G474RE .  As such, this  simple  system has  many limitations in real-wor ld scenarios.  Overall, five limitations should be identified  and t wo of these limitations should be addressed  through an improvement in the system setup.   A range of appropriate techniques  should be used when addressing these limitations. The following  sections provide a short overview  of the building blocks for the secure access system. System overview  The figure below shows an overview block diagram of the  secure access management  system.  The diagram is  centred  on the  NUCLEO-G474RE . That embedded system communicates via low level protocol with  the Access Hardware and via High Level protocols with the GUI.  The following sections provide a short description of the individual components.  NUCLEO-G474RE The secure access solution must incorporate  the  NUCLEO-G474RE  from  STM . This component should handle low -  and high - level communication.  Low level communication means using the IO pins to connect access hardware .  In its simplest form, the  NUCLEO-G474RE  runs a super loop which services both low -  and high - level communication.  Advanced designs will be based on a process network  which enables communicating sequential processes. For more information:  https://github.com/OliverFaust/CSP4CMSIS-Nucleo Access hardware The access hardware simulates the physical means of  grant and refuse access.  The  access hardware should contain actuators and sensors.  For example,  the sensor requirement can be fulfilled with a button which represents a doorbell.  The  actuator  requirement can be fulfilled with  a n   Light Emitting Diode (LED) , which is located on the board,   which simulates a circuit with  is capable  of closing and opening  a door. Graphical user interface (GUI) The GUI should allow the user to interact with the secure access solution remotely.  For example, the GUI can  involve the console program Tera Term.  The protocol, implemented in the  NUCLEO-G474RE  should allow the user to  grant and refuse access.  Discussion The examples in the preceding text  provide guidance on how to establish a minimal secure access system.  Implementing  such a  system is sufficient to score a passing mark.  The secure access component descriptions did  not restrict the complexity. That means the student  can, and indeed should, explore more complex solutions.  This is encouraged by the assessment of the system limitations.  For example,  the minimal example does not have user authentication.  This is a limitation and  as such it should be described  in the second  part  of the practical assignment.  It is up to the student  to address this limitation with a more complex system design.  In case this limitation is addressed, the writeup for the second part of the practical assignment should  provide information how this was addressed. 
